welcome to an extraordinary world filled
with magic and Wonder open your mind and
let yourself go a place where every day
is Halloween and every night Jack
Skellington the pumpkin king dreams of
something different what is this it's
someplace new
what's this what's this is covered
everywhere
what's this does wiping Xin Li fen
what's this I can't believe my eyes I
must be dreaming wake up jack possess
her what
haven't you heard of peace on earth and
goodwill toward men
touchstone pictures presents the
enchanting story of two very special
dreamers and the holiday spirit that
brought them together from the
imagination of Tim Burton comes The
Nightmare Before Christmas and what did
Santa bring you honey